game-03/README.md, before:

# Platformer demo

## About

This is a platformer game. The goal is to stay in the level, keep alive.
When the player collects enough coins and reaches the flag, then wins
the game.

## Implementation

The world is built with tilemap style.

The player is implemented with SimpleCharacter node. So, using W, A, D to jump
and move left & right.

Check the player is on floor, or not to play walk, or jump up animation in the
AnimationPlayer.

The collected coins and the player's lives are implemented with a SimpleScoring
node. Player 1's score represents as collected coins and player 2's score
represents lives.

The player enters a coin to collect the coin. It increase "Player 1"'s score and
vanish the coin.

When the player collects enough coins and enters the flag's area, shows "You
Win!" label.

The enemies walk back and forth by setting the enemy's terminal positions within
AnimationPlayer's "move" animation and playing it automatically.

The player has a HitArea at the foot. If any enemy enters into the HitArea, the
enemy's vanish_enemy method will be invoked to vanish the enemy.

The enemies define their HitArea, too. If the player enters into the HitArea,
nodes in HUD group will invoke their own decrease_a_life method to decrease one
life.

When the player enters an enemy's HitArea or drops down into the Dangerzone, the
"Player 2"'s score decreases one. If there is no more life, shows "You Lose!"
label.

## Limitations found

The float platforms should shake, then drop down after the player stands on it.
However, there is no way to trigger/access the play_shake method in of
AnimationPlayer's BlockCode node now.

Commit message:

Platformer: Use AnimationPlayer to play walk right & left
Check the player's Direction X block to know walk right, or left. Then,
play the walk animation without, or with flip the AnimatedSprite2D node
in the AnimationPlayer.

game-03/README.md, after:

# Platformer demo

## About

This is a platformer game. The goal is to stay in the level, keep alive.
When the player collects enough coins and reaches the flag, then wins
the game.

## Implementation

The world is built with tilemap style.

The player is implemented with SimpleCharacter node. So, using W, A, D to jump
and move left & right.

Check the player is on floor, or not to play walk, or jump up animation. Also,
check the player's Direction X to play the walk right, or left animation in the
AnimationPlayer.

The collected coins and the player's lives are implemented with a SimpleScoring
node. Player 1's score represents as collected coins and player 2's score
represents lives.

The player enters a coin to collect the coin. It increase "Player 1"'s score and
vanish the coin.

When the player collects enough coins and enters the flag's area, shows "You
Win!" label.

The enemies walk back and forth by setting the enemy's terminal positions within
AnimationPlayer's "move" animation and playing it automatically.

The player has a HitArea at the foot. If any enemy enters into the HitArea, the
enemy's vanish_enemy method will be invoked to vanish the enemy.

The enemies define their HitArea, too. If the player enters into the HitArea,
nodes in HUD group will invoke their own decrease_a_life method to decrease one
life.

When the player enters an enemy's HitArea or drops down into the Dangerzone, the
"Player 2"'s score decreases one. If there is no more life, shows "You Lose!"
label.

## Limitations found

The float platforms should shake, then drop down after the player stands on it.
However, there is no way to trigger/access the play_shake method in of
AnimationPlayer's BlockCode node now.
